---
layout: post
title: Java
---

Let's start with Java, the language I'm most familiar with. I've been developing Java application since I enrolled the university. 

My best application from these times is my PFC, called Software Ecosystem Proposal for Torrent City Hall. In this project we studied the current developing infraestructure and how can we improve it. Then we continue proposing a small framework to increase the efficiency in developing new application. The PFC concludes showing an example application and how the framework improved the development process. The PDF is available here. It's in Spanish, so don't mind to contact me if you need additional details. The code is here. 

The next application I'm going to talk about is called GIVP developed during my internship at Torrent City Hall. We developed a web application to help citizens to report problems in the public spaces of Torrent. They can also send photos of the problems so the public servants can react faster. If you find a problem while you're in Torrent, don't forget to report it here.

The last Java application it called UIP (yes, I like acronyms). It's a web portal where it's possible to identify o verify people using their fingerprint characteristics. The web portal interacts with an applet. It uses the fingerprint scanners and send the captured fingers back to the portal. The user doesn't need to download or install anything, only to connect a compatible device. You can try it here with a Suprema or Secugen device. If you are interested in the solution, Umanick Technologies will help to integrate it in your organization.